# Website
Throughout the process of building my website portfolio, I was determined to make this assignment as fun for myself as our other projects have been. The creative freedom that we have in this class has been my favorite aspect of the whole course, and the website project was, to me, the biggest blank canvas of all of our previous assignments. Unsure about what to make a website about, I reflected on what aspects of the previous projects I have enjoyed, and how I want those things to persist in my website. I decided that creating projects that fulfill the requirements, while simultaneously maintaining a lighthearted and uplifting message is what I truly strive to create. Upon my realization of this goal, I decided to create my website about something that usually releases some happy chemicals in people’s brains: cats. In creating my website, I collected my favorite photos of my two cats living at home, and set on my way to creating their individual pages on my site. HTML and CSS are hard! Being a psychology major, computer science and coding and not really my strong suit, so I would say that this project was definitely the most challenging for me. I wanted this website to be for whoever’s eyes wanted to see it! College is hard, being away from home is hard, and transitioning into adulthood is hard. So with a lot of hard tasks happening for college students at once and constantly, it was important to me to be able to create a website that was lighthearted and fun in nature, rather than choosing a topic that is harder to swallow or simply a stressor. In the creation of my website it was definitely difficult to figure out CSS. Truly, the peer review portion of class that we had was so helpful for my understanding of the coding language, as many of my peers shared the same struggles as I did, and we could figure it out together. Figuring out how to use floats, divs, and learning how to adjust colors with CSS, and getting it to work in my HTML was the place where I struggled the most. After finally finally getting my pictures and captions to appear in the right sizes and with their correlating captions, I was relieved, so I decided against further complicating the aesthetics of my website and instead just focused on its simplicity and functionality. The next time I create a website, I think I would approach the process by creating an initial blueprint or idea board that could get the aesthetics of a site down on paper so that I have some more direction throughout my process. 
